Dave: I sent this application
form weeks ago through your
very confusing website,
and I haven't heard back, and I want
to book contractors before the end of
the summer to build my dock.
What is going on with it?
Morgan: Sir, I apologize.
We are just looking for your
application because it may
not have gone to the
right person for review.
Thank you for your patience
while I keep searching.
Dave: I don't even know
if I need a regulatory
review or not.
I am just doing this
so I don't get into trouble.
What happens if I just skip it
and carry on with my project?
Morgan: I'm sorry, only a biologist can assess
your applications and advise if you
need a review, but I have escalated
your request and the person responsible
for your application will contact you
within 10 business days with an answer .
If you do proceed with your project
before we assess your application, you
will risk fines and damage to fish habitat.
Dave: I have to wait two more weeks!
Unbelievable!